adding support in new api call (#32482)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/6_1_22.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response

> - Improved implementation of ***fetch-incidents*** and ***xdr-get-incident-extra-data*** by limit the alerts of the incident according to the config map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved implementation of ***fetch-incidents*** and ***xdr-get-incident-extra-data***  to better fetch incidents alerts according to the config map.by l
```
